Ryan: Meeting called to order
Ryan; wishes we were all wearing curly white wigs with black robes (for the record).

Board Members
Ryan McDermott - Champion
Moheeb Zara - Operations Manager
Larry Campbell - Champion
Prescott Ogden - Treasurer
Eric Ose - Secretary

Ryan: [shows the previous years  budget on the projector for review]
Unanimous consent approving last years meeting notes.

Ryan asks for comments from the members; no comments.
Director report; my report is that this meeting is extremely important personally like all of this __________??

Ryan, Would like to see more support from other members of the board. Eric and I are shouldering a lot of the responsibilities.
Prescott - I couldn't agree more that Eric and Ryan are shouldering most of the burden. I've not done hardly anything and I can help out more now that his work situation has changed.

Moheeb, The HeatSync core mission is being fulfilled providing access to a space with tools. We do need to start thinking about making a stronger volunteer base. There was a time when there were more volunteers hosting more hours and doing more in the lab.

Ryan suggests we deviate from the template and discuss things we can do to improve the lab. No objections.

Ryan; The area that we need to improve is seeing membership growth. Last year he had the reverse opinion about having too much growth. He still is concerned about too much growth, but sees a need to grow to maintain our membership levels. He will host more open hours including interactive are Tuesday in an effort to grow membership.

Larry, agrees on membership. Mentions many great people have wandered off. We can reach out to members that are no longer present.
Prescott; I haven't been handling the tasks as part of Treasurer and I can start doing 
Moheeb; in terms of growing our membership that new members are being shown the culture. We don't have as many group HeatSync projects. He will try to push for more of this.

Ryan: No proposals. Ryan asks for comments from the community.

Junior; Mentioned that he encourages everyone he can to come to HeatSync. Also he recalls someone posting to the group about getting help with a project, but nobody wanted to help with it. Also that people outside of HeatSync are telling Junior that they don't come in because it's dirty. 
Moheeb; sounds like the lab doesn't seem inviting to everybody.
Larry, If you see something amiss take the time to pick it up. 
Junior, That's what I do. 
Larry, everyone should be more active about it.
Austin; It would be nice to have maybe a more public view of what we have as members to see where we are at if we are growing. Maybe more of a Treasurer thing. And information on our financials.
Ryan; I agree, I have been making the excuse for a year now that the database was made by Will who is not around anymore.
Moheeb, I know that metrics is really important. member growth projects we have. That's why our relationship with the city.
Prescott; there can be a lot more transparency with members and financials and that's my responsibility. Ryan let's meet about that.

Greg; There should be a committee to expand to a different building. It died down and I don't know why. Is there really an interest in doing it, if so I'd like to be on the committee.
Moheeb; There was a committee, it fizzled. 
Ryan, We weren't finding the space that we wanted or they were too expensive.
Moheeb, Hack Your Hackerspace is the place for this discussion on where to start etc.
Larry; comments the previous committee did experience issues with people getting discouraged <criteria for new location...>??
Roderick; it was brought up that people don't talk to people at the door, there isn't enough income for an ideal location, and there has been a decrease in total numbers of members. If we do more with social media and get more members we might be able to move.
Larry; earlier today I responded to someone on facebook for someone wanting a tour.
Moheeb; If you see that problem start working on it with people
Ryan; we are getting blurred lines between open and closed hours. I don't see that as a problem at all. The lab is getting utilized during the day. People are less likely to provide open hours during the day.
Moheeb; I think that is an important discussion right there.

Ryan: Motion to adjourn
unanimous consent